What is part of the role of Product Management?
To facilitate backlog refinement session
To prioritize Enablers
To assign business value to features
X To prioritize the Program Backlog

Which statement is a principle of the Agile manifesto?
Measure everything
Respect for people and culture
Visualize and limit WIP, reduce batch sizes, and manage queue lengths
X Simplicity--the art of maximizing the amount of work not done--is essential

What must management do for a successful Agile transformation?
Change Scrum Masters in the team every two weeks
Send someone to represent management, and then delegate tasks to these individuals
Strive to think of adoption as an area they can control
X Commit to quality and be the change agent in the system

Which statement is true when continuously deploying using a DevOps model?
It alleviates the reliance on the skill sets of Agile teams
It increases the transaction cost
X It lessens the severity and frequency of release failures
It removes the need to automate processes

What is one benefit of unlocking the intrinsic motivation of knowledge workers?
X To provide autonomy with purpose, mission, and minimum constraints
To lower WIP limits
To centralize decision-making
To strive to achieve a state of continuous flow

What is the recommended frequency for updating Lean budget distribution?
Every iteration
Annually
X On demand
Twice annually

What can be used as a template for putting SAFe into practice within an organization?
X SAFe Implementation Roadmap
SAFe Principles
SAFe House of Lean
SAFe Core Values

What are the last three steps of the SAFe Implementation Roadmap?
Launch an Agile Release Train, extend to the portfolio, accelerate
X Launch more Agile Release Trains and Value Streams, extend to the portfolio, sustain and improve
Launch trains, coach Agile Release Train execution, train executives and managers
Train Lean-Agile change agents, identify value streams and Agile Release Trains, extend to the portfolio

What is the best measure of progress for complex system development?
X System Demo
Refined Backlog
Iteration Review
ROAMing Risks

Which is an aspect of system thinking?
Mastery drives intrinsic motivation
X Optimizing a component does not optimize the system
Cadence makes routine that which is routine
The length of the queue impact the wait time

Which statement is a value from the Agile Manifesto?
X Customer collaboration over contract negotiation
Customer collaboration over ongoing internal conversation
Customer collaboration over a constant indefinite pace
Customer collaboration over feature negotiation

When is a Pre-PI Planning event needed?
When there is only one day to run PI Planning, so more time is needed to prepare to run it effectively
When Product Owners and Scrum Masters need to coordinate dependencies within the Agile Release Train
X When multiple Agile Release Trains working on the same Solution need to align and coordinate
When teams cannot identify and estimate Stories in PI Planning and need more time to prepare

What is SAFe’s release strategy?
X Release on demand
Release continuously
Release every Program Increment
Release on cadence

The House of Lean is a classic metaphor describing the mindset essential for Lean thinking. Which one of the four pillars advocates a "Get out of the office" mindset?
Respect for people and culture
X Innovation
Relentless improvement
Flow

How are stories estimated in SAFe?
X Story points
Ideal time
Agile prescribes a No Estimation concept to speed delivery
Feature points

How is the flow of Portfolio Epics managed?
In the Portfolio Backlog
In the Program Backlog
X In the Portfolio Kanban
In the Program Kanban

Who is responsible for the Solution Backlog?
Product Owners
Solution Train Engineer
Product Management
X Solution Management

The Agile Release Train uses which type of teams to get work done?
Phased review process teams
Management teams
X Cross-functional teams
Solution teams

Which statement describes aspects of the team's commitment during PI Planning?
X A team does not commit to stretch objectives
A team commits only to the PI Objectives with the highest business value
A team commits to all the features they put on the Program Board
A team commits to all stories they put on their PI plan

What is the biggest benefit of decentralized decision-making?
X Ensuring strategic decisions are not made in a vacuum
Creating better visualization
Delivering value in the shortest sustainable lead time
Removing accountability from leaders

On day two of PI Planning, management presents adjustments based on the previous day's management review and problem solving meeting. What is one possible type of adjustment they could make?
Change a team’s plan
User Stories
Adjustment to PI Objectives
X Business priorities

Who has content authority to make decisions at the user story level during PI Planning?
Scrum Masters
Development Team
Release Train Engineer
X Product Owner

Which statement accurately characterizes Strategic Themes?
They are large initiatives managed in the Portfolio Kanban that require Weighted Shortest Job First prioritization and a lightweight business case
They are a high-level summary of each program’s Vision and are updated after every PI
They are requirements that span Agile Release Trains but must fit within a single Program Increment
X They are business objectives that connect the SAFe Portfolio to the Enterprise business strategy

What is considered an anti-pattern when assigning business values to Team PI Objectives?
Business Owners assign high values to important enabler work
Assigning business values to stretch objectives
Business Owners assigning the business value
X A value of 10 given to all of the PI Objectives

Which practice helps with a test-first mentality?
WIP
X BDD
MMF
MVP

What is a Minimal Viable Product?
A minimal story a team can deliver in an iteration
A minimal product that can be built to achieve market dominance
X A minimal product that can validate a hypothesis
A minimal Feature that can be released to the market

Which statement is true about the Innovation and Planning (IP) Iteration?
The Scrum Master can decide if the IP Iteration is necessary
It is used as a weekly sync point between the Scrum Masters
It is used annually when the team needs to refocus on work processes
X Without the IP Iteration, there is a risk that the tyranny of the urgent outweighs all innovation activities

What are the three primary keys to implementing flow? (Choose three.)
X Reduce the batch sizes of work
X Visualize and limit WIP
Address the systemic problems
Frequent context switching
Increase capacity
X Manage queue lengths

What is a valid reason for moving a PI objective to stretch?
X The team has high uncertainty about a third-party delivery needed for the objective
The team has no more time in the capacity but the objective has high business value
The team does not have the knowledge or skills to deliver the objective
The team is unsure how to estimate the related stories using story points

What can be used to map the current state of a portfolio?
Portfolio Vision
Portfolio Kanban
X Portfolio Canvas
Portfolio Backlog

What is one component of the Continuous Delivery Pipeline?
Continuous Planning
Continuous Exploration
Continuous Improvement
X Continuous Cadence

Product Management has content authority over the Program Backlog. What do Product Owners have content authority over?
X Team Backlog
Portfolio Vision
Portfolio Backlog
Value Streams

What is the foundation of the SAFe House of Lean?
Relentless Improvement
X Leadership
Value
Flow

In the Program Kanban some steps have Work-in-Process limits. Why is this necessary?
X To keep timebox goals
To ensure large queues are not being built
To enable multitasking
To help continuous deployment

Which statement fits with the SAFe Core Value of Built-in Quality?
Quality is not part of the SAFe Core Values
Quality should only be worked on during the Innovation and Planning Iteration
Quality depends on the scale of the project and should be implemented from the top down
X You cannot scale crappy code

When does a Roadmap become a queue?
X When it is longer than one Program Increment
When it is fully committed
When it includes no commitments
When it contains Features and not Epics

What is one of the Agile Release Train sync meetings?
Solution Demo
Iteration Retrospective
Iteration Review
X Scrum of Scrums

What is an example of applying cadence-based synchronization in SAFe?
Teams allow batch sizes across multiple intervals
Teams align their iterations to the same schedule to support communication, coordination, and system integration
X Teams meet twice every PI to plan and schedule capacity
Teams decide their own iteration length

Which statement is true about DevOps?
DevOps automation of testing reduces the holding cost
Measurements are not a top priority for DevOps
Lean-Agile principles are not necessary for a successful DevOps implementation
X DevOps is an approach to bridge the gap between development and operations

When basing decisions on economics, how are lead time, product cost, value, and development expense used?
To limit WIP through the system
To recover money already spent
X To identify different parameters of the economic framework
To take into account sunk costs

What is the last step in Kotter's approach to change management?
Generate short-term wins
Consolidate gains and produce more wins
Sustain and improve
X Anchor new approaches in the culture

Which core competency of the Lean Enterprise helps drive built-in quality practices?
DevOps and Release on Demand
Business Solutions and Lean Systems Engineering
Lean Portfolio Management
X Team and Technical Agility

What is the recommended way to express a Feature?
X Phrase, benefit hypothesis, and acceptance criteria
Lean business case
Functional requirement
Epic hypothesis statement

What is found on a program board?
X Features
User Stories
Tasks
Epics

What is one guardrail on Lean budget spend?
Participatory budgeting
Learning milestones as objective measurements
Spending caps for each ART
X Continuous Business Owner engagement


