Which statement describes aspects of the team's commitment during PI Planning?
A team commits only to the PI Objectives with the highest business value
A team commits to all stories they put on their PI plan
A team commits to all the features they put on the Program Board
X A team does not commit to stretch objectives

Which core competency of the Lean Enterprise helps drive built-in quality practices?
X Team and Technical Agility
Lean Portfolio Management
Business Solutions and Lean Systems Engineering
DevOps and Release on Demand

Who is responsible for the Solution Backlog?
Product Management
Product Owners
X Solution Management
Solution Train Engineer

When basing decisions on economics, how are lead time, product cost, value, and development expense used?
To limit WIP through the system
To recover money already spent
To take into account sunk costs
X To identify different parameters of the economic framework

What is one benefit of unlocking the intrinsic motivation of knowledge workers?
To centralize decision-making
X To provide autonomy with purpose, mission, and minimum constraints
To strive to achieve a state of continuous flow
To lower WIP limits

What is considered an anti-pattern when assigning business values to Team PI Objectives?
Business Owners assign high values to important enabler work
Assigning business values to stretch objectives
Business Owners assigning the business value
X A value of 10 given to all of the PI Objectives

What is part of the role of Product Management?
To assign business value to features
X To prioritize the Program Backlog
To facilitate backlog refinement session
To prioritize Enablers

What is found on a program board?
Tasks
User Stories
Epics
X Features

Which statement is a value from the Agile Manifesto?
Customer collaboration over a constant indefinite pace
Customer collaboration over ongoing internal conversation
Customer collaboration over feature negotiation
X Customer collaboration over contract negotiation

When is a Pre-PI Planning event needed?
X When multiple Agile Release Trains working on the same Solution need to align and coordinate
When there is only one day to run PI Planning, so more time is needed to prepare to run it effectively
When teams cannot identify and estimate Stories in PI Planning and need more time to prepare
When Product Owners and Scrum Masters need to coordinate dependencies within the Agile Release Train

The Agile Release Train uses which type of teams to get work done?
X Cross-functional teams
Solution teams
Phased review process teams
Management teams

What is the recommended way to express a Feature?
X Phrase, benefit hypothesis, and acceptance criteria
Functional requirement
Lean business case
Epic hypothesis statement

When does a Roadmap become a queue?
When it includes no commitments
When it is fully committed
When it contains Features and not Epics
X When it is longer than one Program Increment

What is one guardrail on Lean budget spend?
Learning milestones as objective measurements
Spending caps for each ART
X Continuous Business Owner engagement
Participatory budgeting

What is the biggest benefit of decentralized decision-making?
Delivering value in the shortest sustainable lead time
X Ensuring strategic decisions are not made in a vacuum
Creating better visualization
Removing accountability from leaders

What is the recommended frequency for updating Lean budget distribution?
Every iteration
X On demand
Annually
Twice annually

What is the foundation of the SAFe House of Lean?
Relentless Improvement
X Leadership
Flow
Value


What must management do for a successful Agile transformation?
X Commit to quality and be the change agent in the system
Change Scrum Masters in the team every two weeks
Send someone to represent management, and then delegate tasks to these individuals
Strive to think of adoption as an area they can control

How is the flow of Portfolio Epics managed?
In the Program Kanban
X In the Portfolio Kanban
In the Portfolio Backlog
In the Program Backlog

Which statement is true about DevOps?
Measurements are not a top priority for DevOps
X DevOps is an approach to bridge the gap between development and operations
Lean-Agile principles are not necessary for a successful DevOps implementation
DevOps automation of testing reduces the holding cost

Which statement is true about the Innovation and Planning (IP) Iteration?
The Scrum Master can decide if the IP Iteration is necessary
X Without the IP Iteration, there is a risk that the tyranny of the urgent outweighs all innovation activities
It is used annually when the team needs to refocus on work processes
It is used as a weekly sync point between the Scrum Masters

What can be used as a template for putting SAFe into practice within an organization?
SAFe Principles
SAFe House of Lean
SAFe Core Values
X SAFe Implementation Roadmap

Which practice helps with a test-first mentality?
MVP
X BDD
WIP
MMF

What is SAFe’s release strategy?
X Release on demand
Release every Program Increment
Release continuously
Release on cadence

What is the last step in Kotter's approach to change management?
X Anchor new approaches in the culture
Sustain and improve
Generate short-term wins
Consolidate gains and produce more wins

In the Program Kanban some steps have Work-in-Process limits. Why is this necessary?
To ensure large queues are not being built
To enable multitasking
To help continuous deployment
X To keep timebox goals

On day two of PI Planning, management presents adjustments based on the previous day's management review and problem solving meeting. What is one possible type of adjustment they could make?
X Business priorities
Change a team’s plan
User Stories
Adjustment to PI Objectives

Product Management has content authority over the Program Backlog. What do Product Owners have content authority over?
X Team Backlog
Portfolio Vision
Portfolio Backlog
Value Streams

What is one of the Agile Release Train sync meetings?
Iteration Retrospective
Solution Demo
Iteration Review
X Scrum of Scrums

What is an example of applying cadence-based synchronization in SAFe?
X Teams meet twice every PI to plan and schedule capacity
Teams decide their own iteration length
Teams allow batch sizes across multiple intervals
Teams align their iterations to the same schedule to support communication, coordination, and system integration

Which statement is true when continuously deploying using a DevOps model?
It increases the transaction cost
It alleviates the reliance on the skill sets of Agile teams
X It lessens the severity and frequency of release failures
It removes the need to automate processes

How are stories estimated in SAFe?
Agile prescribes a No Estimation concept to speed delivery
Feature points
X Story points
Ideal time

The House of Lean is a classic metaphor describing the mindset essential for Lean thinking. Which one of the four pillars advocates a "Get out of the office" mindset?
Respect for people and culture
Relentless improvement
Flow
X Innovation

Which is an aspect of system thinking?
Mastery drives intrinsic motivation
The length of the queue impact the wait time
Cadence makes routine that which is routine
X Optimizing a component does not optimize the system

Which statement accurately characterizes Strategic Themes?
They are requirements that span Agile Release Trains but must fit within a single Program Increment
X They are business objectives that connect the SAFe Portfolio to the Enterprise business strategy
They are a high-level summary of each program’s Vision and are updated after every PI
They are large initiatives managed in the Portfolio Kanban that require Weighted Shortest Job First prioritization and a lightweight business case

What is a Minimal Viable Product?
A minimal story a team can deliver in an iteration
X A minimal product that can validate a hypothesis
A minimal product that can be built to achieve market dominance
A minimal Feature that can be released to the market

What are the three primary keys to implementing flow? (Choose three.)
X Reduce the batch sizes of work
Address the systemic problems
Increase capacity
Frequent context switching
X Manage queue lengths
X Visualize and limit WIP

Which statement is a principle of the Agile manifesto?
X Simplicity--the art of maximizing the amount of work not done--is essential
Measure everything
Respect for people and culture
Visualize and limit WIP, reduce batch sizes, and manage queue lengths

What can be used to map the current state of a portfolio?
X Portfolio Canvas
Portfolio Kanban
Portfolio Backlog
Portfolio Vision

What is the best measure of progress for complex system development?
ROAMing Risks
Iteration Review
Refined Backlog
X System Demo

Which statement fits with the SAFe Core Value of Built-in Quality?
Quality depends on the scale of the project and should be implemented from the top down
X You cannot scale crappy code
Quality should only be worked on during the Innovation and Planning Iteration
Quality is not part of the SAFe Core Values

What is one component of the Continuous Delivery Pipeline?
Continuous Improvement
X Continuous Exploration
Continuous Cadence
Continuous Planning

Who has content authority to make decisions at the user story level during PI Planning?
Scrum Masters
X Product Owner
Release Train Engineer
Development Team

What is a valid reason for moving a PI objective to stretch?
The team does not have the knowledge or skills to deliver the objective
The team has no more time in the capacity but the objective has high business value
X The team has high uncertainty about a third-party delivery needed for the objective
The team is unsure how to estimate the related stories using story points

What are the last three steps of the SAFe Implementation Roadmap?
Launch trains, coach Agile Release Train execution, train executives and managers
Train Lean-Agile change agents, identify value streams and Agile Release Trains, extend to the portfolio
Launch an Agile Release Train, extend to the portfolio, accelerate
X Launch more Agile Release Trains and Value Streams, extend to the portfolio, sustain and improve

