What is one benefit of unlocking the intrinsic motivation of knowledge workers?
To centralize decision-making
To strive to achieve a state of continuous flow
X To provide autonomy with purpose, mission, and minimum constraints
To lower WIP limits

What is the foundation of the SAFe House of Lean?
Value
X Leadership
Relentless Improvement
Flow

Who has content authority to make decisions at the user story level during PI Planning?
X Product Owner
Development Team
Release Train Engineer
Scrum Masters

When is a Pre-PI Planning event needed?
When teams cannot identify and estimate Stories in PI Planning and need more time to prepare
When there is only one day to run PI Planning, so more time is needed to prepare to run it effectively
X When Product Owners and Scrum Masters need to coordinate dependencies within the Agile Release Train
When multiple Agile Release Trains working on the same Solution need to align and coordinate

What is the biggest benefit of decentralized decision-making?
Delivering value in the shortest sustainable lead time
Removing accountability from leaders
X Ensuring strategic decisions are not made in a vacuum
Creating better visualization

What is one component of the Continuous Delivery Pipeline?
Continuous Cadence
Continuous Planning
Continuous Improvement
Continuous Exploration

What is the recommended way to express a Feature?
Epic hypothesis statement
Lean business case
Functional requirement
X Phrase, benefit hypothesis, and acceptance criteria

When does a Roadmap become a queue?
When it contains Features and not Epics
When it is longer than one Program Increment
When it is fully committed
X When it includes no commitments

Who has content authority to make decisions at the user story level during PI Planning?
Scrum Masters
X Product Owner
Release Train Engineer
Development Team

In the Program Kanban some steps have Work-in-Process limits. Why is this necessary?
To enable multitasking
X To help continuous deployment
To ensure large queues are not being built
To keep timebox goals

Which practice helps with a test-first mentality?
X BDD
WIP
MVP
MMF

What is SAFe’s release strategy?
Release continuously
Release on cadence
X Release on demand
Release every Program Increment

What is one guardrail on Lean budget spend?
X Continuous Business Owner engagement
Participatory budgeting
Learning milestones as objective measurements
Spending caps for each ART

When basing decisions on economics, how are lead time, product cost, value, and development expense used?
To take into account sunk costs
X To identify different parameters of the economic framework
To limit WIP through the system
To recover money already spent

Product Management has content authority over the Program Backlog. What do Product Owners have content authority over?
Portfolio Vision
Portfolio Backlog
X Team Backlog
Value Streams

Which statement is a principle of the Agile manifesto?
Measure everything
Respect for people and culture
X Simplicity--the art of maximizing the amount of work not done--is essential
Visualize and limit WIP, reduce batch sizes, and manage queue lengths

What is considered an anti-pattern when assigning business values to Team PI Objectives?
Business Owners assigning the business value
X Business Owners assign high values to important enabler work
A value of 10 given to all of the PI Objectives
Assigning business values to stretch objectives


What can be used as a template for putting SAFe into practice within an organization?
SAFe Principles
X SAFe Implementation Roadmap
SAFe House of Lean
SAFe Core Values

What is the recommended frequency for updating Lean budget distribution?
Twice annually
X Every iteration
Annually
On demand

What are the three primary keys to implementing flow? (Choose three.)
X Reduce the batch sizes of work
Increase capacity
Address the systemic problems
Frequent context switching
X Manage queue lengths
X Visualize and limit WIP

What is found on a program board?
X Epics
Features
User Stories
Tasks

On day two of PI Planning, management presents adjustments based on the previous day's management review and problem solving meeting. What is one possible type of adjustment they could make?
X Adjustment to PI Objectives
User Stories
Change a team’s plan
Business priorities

Which statement describes aspects of the team's commitment during PI Planning?
A team commits to all the features they put on the Program Board
X A team commits to all stories they put on their PI plan
A team commits only to the PI Objectives with the highest business value
A team does not commit to stretch objectives

Which statement is true about the Innovation and Planning (IP) Iteration?
The Scrum Master can decide if the IP Iteration is necessary
Without the IP Iteration, there is a risk that the tyranny of the urgent outweighs all innovation activities
X It is used annually when the team needs to refocus on work processes
It is used as a weekly sync point between the Scrum Masters

How is the flow of Portfolio Epics managed?
X In the Portfolio Backlog
In the Program Backlog
In the Program Kanban
In the Portfolio Kanban

What is the best measure of progress for complex system development?
Iteration Review
X System Demo
ROAMing Risks
Refined Backlog

The House of Lean is a classic metaphor describing the mindset essential for Lean thinking. Which one of the four pillars advocates a "Get out of the office" mindset?
Relentless improvement
X Innovation
Flow
Respect for people and culture

The Agile Release Train uses which type of teams to get work done?
Management teams
Solution teams
Cross-functional teams
X Phased review process teams

Which statement fits with the SAFe Core Value of Built-in Quality?
Quality depends on the scale of the project and should be implemented from the top down
Quality is not part of the SAFe Core Values
X You cannot scale crappy code
Quality should only be worked on during the Innovation and Planning Iteration

How are stories estimated in SAFe?
Ideal time
Feature points
X Story points
Agile prescribes a No Estimation concept to speed delivery

What must management do for a successful Agile transformation?
Send someone to represent management, and then delegate tasks to these individuals
Change Scrum Masters in the team every two weeks
Strive to think of adoption as an area they can control
X Commit to quality and be the change agent in the system

Which statement is true about DevOps?
Lean-Agile principles are not necessary for a successful DevOps implementation
DevOps is an approach to bridge the gap between development and operations
Measurements are not a top priority for DevOps
X DevOps automation of testing reduces the holding cost

Which statement is true when continuously deploying using a DevOps model?
It alleviates the reliance on the skill sets of Agile teams
It increases the transaction cost
It removes the need to automate processes
X It lessens the severity and frequency of release failures

What is an example of applying cadence-based synchronization in SAFe?
Teams allow batch sizes across multiple intervals
Teams meet twice every PI to plan and schedule capacity
Teams decide their own iteration length
X Teams align their iterations to the same schedule to support communication, coordination, and system integration

Which statement is a value from the Agile Manifesto?
X Customer collaboration over contract negotiation
Customer collaboration over a constant indefinite pace
Customer collaboration over feature negotiation
Customer collaboration over ongoing internal conversation

Which core competency of the Lean Enterprise helps drive built-in quality practices?
X DevOps and Release on Demand
Lean Portfolio Management
Team and Technical Agility
Business Solutions and Lean Systems Engineering

What is one of the Agile Release Train sync meetings?
Iteration Retrospective
Iteration Review
Scrum of Scrums
X Solution Demo

What are the last three steps of the SAFe Implementation Roadmap?
Launch trains, coach Agile Release Train execution, train executives and managers
X Launch more Agile Release Trains and Value Streams, extend to the portfolio, sustain and improve
Launch an Agile Release Train, extend to the portfolio, accelerate
Train Lean-Agile change agents, identify value streams and Agile Release Trains, extend to the portfolio

Which statement accurately characterizes Strategic Themes?
They are requirements that span Agile Release Trains but must fit within a single Program Increment
X They are a high-level summary of each program’s Vision and are updated after every PI
They are large initiatives managed in the Portfolio Kanban that require Weighted Shortest Job First prioritization and a lightweight business case
They are business objectives that connect the SAFe Portfolio to the Enterprise business strategy

What can be used to map the current state of a portfolio?
Portfolio Vision
Portfolio Kanban
Portfolio Backlog
X Portfolio Canvas

Who is responsible for the Solution Backlog?
X Solution Train Engineer
Solution Management
Product Owners
Product Management

What is the last step in Kotter's approach to change management?
X Anchor new approaches in the culture
Consolidate gains and produce more wins
Sustain and improve
Generate short-term wins

What is a valid reason for moving a PI objective to stretch?
The team is unsure how to estimate the related stories using story points
The team has high uncertainty about a third-party delivery needed for the objective
The team does not have the knowledge or skills to deliver the objective
X The team has no more time in the capacity but the objective has high business value

What is part of the role of Product Management?
To prioritize Enablers
To prioritize the Program Backlog
X To assign business value to features
To facilitate backlog refinement session

What is a Minimal Viable Product?
A minimal product that can be built to achieve market dominance
A minimal Feature that can be released to the market
A minimal story a team can deliver in an iteration
X A minimal product that can validate a hypothesis

Which is an aspect of system thinking?
The length of the queue impact the wait time
X Optimizing a component does not optimize the system
Cadence makes routine that which is routine
Mastery drives intrinsic motivation


