Who has content authority to make decisions at the user story level during PI Planning?
	Scrum Masters
X	Product Owner
	Release Train Engineer
	Development Team

Which statement is true when continuously deploying using a DevOps model?
	It alleviates the reliance on the skill sets of Agile teams
	It increases the transaction cost
	It removes the need to automate processes
X	It lessens the severity and frequency of release failures

What is the best measure of progress for complex system development?
	Iteration Review
	ROAMing Risks
	Refined Backlog
X	System Demo

What is part of the role of Product Management?
X	To prioritize the Program Backlog
	To prioritize Enablers
	To assign business value to features
	To facilitate backlog refinement session

What is one of the Agile Release Train sync meetings?
	Iteration Review
	Iteration Retrospective
	Scrum of Scrums
X	Solution Demo

What is the recommended way to express a Feature?
X	Phrase, benefit hypothesis, and acceptance criteria
	Functional requirement
	Epic hypothesis statement
	Lean business case

Which statement is true about DevOps?
	Measurements are not a top priority for DevOps
	Lean-Agile principles are not necessary for a successful DevOps implementation
X	DevOps automation of testing reduces the holding cost
	DevOps is an approach to bridge the gap between development and operations


How are stories estimated in SAFe?
	Feature points
	Agile prescribes a No Estimation concept to speed delivery
	Ideal time
X	Story points

What is an example of applying cadence-based synchronization in SAFe?
	Teams decide their own iteration length
	Teams allow batch sizes across multiple intervals
X	Teams align their iterations to the same schedule to support communication, coordination, and system integration
	Teams meet twice every PI to plan and schedule capacity

Which statement is a value from the Agile Manifesto?
	Customer collaboration over a constant indefinite pace
	Customer collaboration over ongoing internal conversation
X	Customer collaboration over contract negotiation
	Customer collaboration over feature negotiation

When is a Pre-PI Planning event needed?
	When multiple Agile Release Trains working on the same Solution need to align and coordinate
X	When Product Owners and Scrum Masters need to coordinate dependencies within the Agile Release Train
	When there is only one day to run PI Planning, so more time is needed to prepare to run it effectively
	When teams cannot identify and estimate Stories in PI Planning and need more time to prepare

What are the last three steps of the SAFe Implementation Roadmap?
X	Launch more Agile Release Trains and Value Streams, extend to the portfolio, sustain and improve
	Launch trains, coach Agile Release Train execution, train executives and managers
	Train Lean-Agile change agents, identify value streams and Agile Release Trains, extend to the portfolio
	Launch an Agile Release Train, extend to the portfolio, accelerate

What is SAFe’s release strategy?
X	Release on demand
	Release on cadence
	Release continuously
	Release every Program Increment

What is the biggest benefit of decentralized decision-making?
	Removing accountability from leaders
	Delivering value in the shortest sustainable lead time
X	Ensuring strategic decisions are not made in a vacuum
	Creating better visualization

When does a Roadmap become a queue?
	When it contains Features and not Epics
X	When it includes no commitments
	When it is fully committed
	When it is longer than one Program Increment


Which practice helps with a test-first mentality?
	MMF
	WIP
X	MVP
	BDD

What is considered an anti-pattern when assigning business values to Team PI Objectives?
X	A value of 10 given to all of the PI Objectives
	Business Owners assigning the business value
	Business Owners assign high values to important enabler work
	Assigning business values to stretch objectives

Which statement is true about the Innovation and Planning (IP) Iteration?
	It is used annually when the team needs to refocus on work processes
	It is used as a weekly sync point between the Scrum Masters
	The Scrum Master can decide if the IP Iteration is necessary
X	Without the IP Iteration, there is a risk that the tyranny of the urgent outweighs all innovation activities

What is one benefit of unlocking the intrinsic motivation of knowledge workers?
X	To strive to achieve a state of continuous flow
	To provide autonomy with purpose, mission, and minimum constraints
	To centralize decision-making
	To lower WIP limits

Which statement accurately characterizes Strategic Themes?
	They are a high-level summary of each program’s Vision and are updated after every PI
	They are requirements that span Agile Release Trains but must fit within a single Program Increment
X	They are business objectives that connect the SAFe Portfolio to the Enterprise business strategy
	They are large initiatives managed in the Portfolio Kanban that require Weighted Shortest Job First prioritization and a lightweight business case

How is the flow of Portfolio Epics managed?
	In the Portfolio Backlog
X	In the Program Backlog
	In the Portfolio Kanban
	In the Program Kanban

What is the foundation of the SAFe House of Lean?
	Flow
	Value
X	Leadership
	Relentless Improvement

What are the three primary keys to implementing flow? (Choose three.)
	Increase capacity
X	Visualize and limit WIP
X	Manage queue lengths
X	Reduce the batch sizes of work
	Frequent context switching
	Address the systemic problems

Which statement describes aspects of the team's commitment during PI Planning?
	A team commits only to the PI Objectives with the highest business value
	A team does not commit to stretch objectives
X	A team commits to all the features they put on the Program Board
	A team commits to all stories they put on their PI plan

On day two of PI Planning, management presents adjustments based on the previous day's management review and problem solving meeting. What is one possible type of adjustment they could make?
	User Stories
	Change a team’s plan
X	Adjustment to PI Objectives
	Business priorities

What is found on a program board?
X	Epics
	Tasks
	User Stories
	Features

Which is an aspect of system thinking?
	Mastery drives intrinsic motivation
	Cadence makes routine that which is routine
	The length of the queue impact the wait time
X	Optimizing a component does not optimize the system

What must management do for a successful Agile transformation?
X	Commit to quality and be the change agent in the system
	Send someone to represent management, and then delegate tasks to these individuals
	Change Scrum Masters in the team every two weeks
	Strive to think of adoption as an area they can control

What is the last step in Kotter's approach to change management?
	Consolidate gains and produce more wins
	Generate short-term wins
	Sustain and improve
X	Anchor new approaches in the culture

What can be used as a template for putting SAFe into practice within an organization?
	SAFe House of Lean
	SAFe Principles
X	SAFe Implementation Roadmap
	SAFe Core Values

What is one component of the Continuous Delivery Pipeline?
	Continuous Improvement
	Continuous Exploration
X	Continuous Cadence
	Continuous Planning

Product Management has content authority over the Program Backlog. What do Product Owners have content authority over?
	Portfolio Backlog
	Value Streams
X	Team Backlog
	Portfolio Vision

Which statement is a principle of the Agile manifesto?
X	Simplicity--the art of maximizing the amount of work not done--is essential
	Measure everything
	Visualize and limit WIP, reduce batch sizes, and manage queue lengths
	Respect for people and culture


In the Program Kanban some steps have Work-in-Process limits. Why is this necessary?
	To help continuous deployment
X	To keep timebox goals
	To ensure large queues are not being built
	To enable multitasking

When basing decisions on economics, how are lead time, product cost, value, and development expense used?
X	To identify different parameters of the economic framework
	To take into account sunk costs
	To recover money already spent
	To limit WIP through the system

What is a Minimal Viable Product?
	A minimal product that can be built to achieve market dominance
X	A minimal product that can validate a hypothesis
	A minimal Feature that can be released to the market
	A minimal story a team can deliver in an iteration

Which core competency of the Lean Enterprise helps drive built-in quality practices?
X	Lean Portfolio Management
	DevOps and Release on Demand
	Business Solutions and Lean Systems Engineering
	Team and Technical Agility

What is a valid reason for moving a PI objective to stretch?
X	The team has high uncertainty about a third-party delivery needed for the objective
	The team has no more time in the capacity but the objective has high business value
	The team does not have the knowledge or skills to deliver the objective
	The team is unsure how to estimate the related stories using story points

The House of Lean is a classic metaphor describing the mindset essential for Lean thinking. Which one of the four pillars advocates a "Get out of the office" mindset?
	Respect for people and culture
X	Innovation
	Relentless improvement
	Flow

The Agile Release Train uses which type of teams to get work done?
X	Phased review process teams
	Management teams
	Cross-functional teams
	Solution teams

What is one guardrail on Lean budget spend?
	Participatory budgeting
	Spending caps for each ART
X	Continuous Business Owner engagement
	Learning milestones as objective measurements

Which statement fits with the SAFe Core Value of Built-in Quality?
	Quality depends on the scale of the project and should be implemented from the top down
	Quality is not part of the SAFe Core Values
	Quality should only be worked on during the Innovation and Planning Iteration
X	You cannot scale crappy code

What can be used to map the current state of a portfolio?
	Portfolio Canvas
	Portfolio Vision
X	Portfolio Kanban
	Portfolio Backlog

What is the recommended frequency for updating Lean budget distribution?
	Twice annually
	Every iteration
	Annually
X	On demand

Who is responsible for the Solution Backlog?
	Product Management
X	Solution Train Engineer
	Solution Management
	Product Owners

